Chapter 1 Quiz Answers:
1.) Two major branches of statistics = descriptive and inferential
2.) Data types = Ordinal, Ratio, Nominal, Interval
    Non Data Types = Computational
3.) Example of statistical methods used in data cleaning = outlier detection and imputation

Chapter 2 Quiz Answers:
1.) Median is the middle value of all the values when sorted
2.) Types of means = Arithmetic mean, geometric mean, and harmonic mean
3.) The general rule is that if value X is at the kth percentile, then X is greater than K% of the values.
4.) Measures of central tendency = Mean, median, and mode
    Non measures of central tendency = variance
5.) Variance is equal to the average of the differences of all numbers to the mean in a data set
6.) Range represents the difference between the max and min values in a dataset
7.) Standard error is the standard deviation of the set of means (the measure of the variability within a sample used to estimate a population parameter)
8.) Standard deviation is the square root of the variance

Chapter 3 Quiz Answers:
1.) We use the box and whisker plot to: Understand the distribution of the data, determine if the data is skewed, and identify outliers
2.) Quartiles represent the three values that divide a sorted datasset into four equal parts.
3.) We deal with missing data by keeping it
4.) Covariance is the relationship between two random variables
5.) A negative correlation means as one variable increases, the other decreases
6.) A perfect negative relationship is represented by -1

Chapter 4 Quiz Answers:
1.) Binomial distribution is used to model the number of successes in a fixed number of bernoulli trials.
2.) Discrete and continuous are the two types of probability distributions
3.) The standard deviation represents the spread of the data

Chapter 5 Quiz Answers:
1.) The purpose of bootstrapping is to generate multiple samples form a single sample by using sampling with replacements and sampling with replacement.
2.) To collect samples staticians used selection with replacement and selection without replacement.